Oh.
Since it's all a misunderstanding
Then I will abolish your name as a Qinzhou family
Stripped of all identity
Mr. Xiao, are you kidding me?
Of course I'm kidding.
A man of great kindness like Mr. Xiao
How can you know us in general?
Right?
I never joke.
Forgive others, forgive others, little sir
Mr. Little
We can give you whatever you want.
Do you have to get things done?
Are you teaching me how to do something?
Dare not haha
We're just talking about things
matter-of-fact
That's a matter of fact.
I'm still carrying your chin on my back.
All families in the state
Issued a kill order
It's all a misunderstanding.
I announce that the manhunt for Mr. Xiao will be cancelled immediately
Hey, hey, me too, hahaha.
I am also a fly camp dog
Forced to be shameless
The meaning of this dragon frame I set up in the first place
Just to give the people of Great Xia a hope
As long as you are diligent
Hard work comes first
You can jump through the dragon gate
Straight to Qingyun Road
But what about you?
You see this as a staircase to power
Know the benefit
You know power.
Just know to bully the weak
today
This dragon frame has been pushed down by me
Qinzhou Family Bifei
No one can stop me
Ah!
Hahahaha
Ha bell rings nine lives
It means that Jiutian Lukai
Mortals metamorphose into dragons
It also means that the Dragon Palace is about to clear
If he sees the Rising Dragon Banquet like this
I don't know what to think
Xiao Chen, are you still going your own way?
Leave everything to one line
You won't understand the truth that we will meet in the future, right?
Dragon's Wrath
Mortals are invincible
Xiao Chen, take care of yourself